hi it's Virgil for money or 2000 today
we've just finished a project on a
Ferrari 575 maranello 2004 let's check
it out the car at all yellow stitching
on it so we basically went with the
matching phone call drivers there's the
woofer right there on the door and it
matches the trim we even painted the
phone call logo yellow as well and then
the tweeter ended up being mounted right
there in the kick panel and it's nice
because it's on an axis so it's going to
give you a real good stereo image up
front we use the Pioneer 5200 bt
bluetooth unit with a pop-up screen and
navigation and over the bear by the
instrument cluster is where we put the
bluetooth microphone for hands-free
conversation toward the back of the car
we have two factory subwoofers behind
this panel then we actually crossed over
and doctored up since we're a weird size
and we want something fit and the guy's
not a base fanatic and then we replace
the other stock speakers with the phone
call Kevlar series right there you can
see them both on both side panels and
the crossovers are buried back the
pioneer head unit was a little bit
tricky because it comes up and it has to
angle up so that it doesn't hit these
confirm this control panel and you can
still collapse it if you need to get to
the climate controls and you can also
pre set the angle so every time it comes
up just perfect without smacking the
controls let's turn it on
and there you go it's right at a perfect
angle if you need to collapse and get to
those controls you can do it USB
connectors right on the face of this one
so there's all your ipod information
that comes up on the touch screen a
pillow ? goes to artists albums playlist
you know the drill and the skips on page
to page till you land on something you
want to hear and that's pretty much it
then let's go back over to the trunk and
see how the amp installation let's go
have a look at the truck
that's where the two subwoofers are
located there and there and then bearing
up in the corner we have an arc audio
a.m. it's a 5 channel amp we like it
because it's really small and it's got a
lot of juice and big crossover points
you can treat the system nicely and
that's all for now the you later